Seven people had walked into the Hall that day. But how many of them would be able to walk out?
The Lounge was quite warm. It was cozy enough for a nap - a long nap...
The dishes were set in tidy rows across the Dining Room table.
The Kitchen had been cleaned up. Everything had been put away - well, almost everything...
The Ballroom was filled with the echoes of parties long since dead...
The air hung damp and heavy from the lush foliage of the Conservatory.
The trophies hung as silent witnesses on the walls of the Billiard Room.
Tomes of knowledge spanned the walls of the Library.
The fireplace crackled and the lights danced on the walls of the Study.

Colonel Mustard carefully cleaned his monocle.
Professor Plum pretended to study his notes.
Mr. Green waited with anticipation.
Mrs. Peacock fidgeted nervously.
Miss Scarlet laughed as she fixed her make-up and hair.
Mrs. White quietly tidied up. 

suddenly grabbed
found
reached for
quickly coiled
picked up
deftly hefted

He found the situation quite intolerable, so he... 
He was so frustrated he... 
He was tired of being messed with 
She might have looked harmless, but then she... 
She had been hurt enough 
She wouldn't take it any more 

Ha! Victory is mine. I knew it all the time.
What am I saying? Of course I knew it! Oh no, what have I done?
This must be a mistake. Somebody call the embassy. I seem to be in a bit of a spot.

Just a simple matter of deduction. Even a child could have found the solution.
What was I thinking? How could I have done such a thing.
I'm sorry, sorry, sorry...

Ya' never shoulda messed with me, kid.
I won! I won! I'm on my way to prison, but I won!
Hey, what's this? I got friends in high places, buddy.

Surely you could not have expected anyone lesser to have come to the conclusion. 
Oh no, me and my big mouth... I seem to have done it again.
This is too much. My lawyers will be getting in touch with all of you.

Well, well... I won, I figured it out, I cracked the case.
So I did it. Come with me, boys...
Get your hands off me, you goons. I'll go peacefully.

What a mess. This is dreadful business for a lady like me.
Oh my! I seem to have cooked my own goose.
How did you know? I cleaned my trail completely. I'll be back!